add content for clinic us server (#9566)
pingcap/docs: clinic/quick-start-with-clinic.md

This document describes how to use PingCAP Clinic diagnosis service (PingCAP Clinic) to collect, upload, and view cluster diagnosis data quickly.

> PingCAP Clinic consists of two components: Diag client (shorten as Diag) and Clinic Server cloud service (shorten as Clinic Server). For details of two components, refer to [PingCAP Clinic Overview](/clinic/clinic-introduction.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PingCAP Clinic consists of two components: Diag client (shorten as Diag) and Clinic Server cloud service (shorten as Clinic Server). For details of these two components, refer to [PingCAP Clinic Overview](/clinic/clinic-introduction.md).
```

## User scenarios

> - When your cluster has some problems, if you need to contact PingCAP technical support, you can perform the following operations to facilitate the remote troubleshooting: collect diagnostic data with Diag, upload the collected data to the Clinic Server, and provide the data access link to the technical support staff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To accurately identify and quickly resolve problems in your cluster when seeking help remotely from PingCAP technical support, you can collect diagnostic data with Diag, upload the collected data to the Clinic Server, and provide the data access link to the technical support.
```

> - When the cluster is running properly and you need to check the status of the cluster, you can use Diag to collect diagnostic data, upload the data to Clinic Server and view the results of Health Report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When the cluster is running properly and you need to check the status of the cluster, you can use Diag to collect diagnostic data, upload the data to Clinic Server, and view the results of Health Report.
```

> **Note:**
>

> > - The following methods to collect and upload data are **only** applicable to [clusters deployed with TiUP](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md). For clusters deployed using TiDB Operator in Kubernetes, see [PingCAP Clinic for TiDB Operator environments](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/clinic-user-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The following methods to collect and upload data are **only** applicable to [clusters deployed using TiUP](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md). For clusters deployed using TiDB Operator in Kubernetes, see [PingCAP Clinic for TiDB Operator environments](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/stable/clinic-user-guide).
```

1. On your control machine with TiUP installed, run the following command to install Diag:

    ```bash
    tiup install diag
    ```

2. Log in to Clinic Server.

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Clinic Server in the US">

>     Go to the [Clinic Server in the US](https://clinic.pingcap.com) and select **Sign in with TiDB Account** to enter the TiDB Cloud login page. If you do not have an TiDB Cloud account, you can create one on that page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to the [Clinic Server in the US](https://clinic.pingcap.com) and select **Sign in with TiDB Account** to enter the TiDB Cloud login page. If you do not have a TiDB Cloud account, create one on that page.
```

    > **Note:**
    >

>     > Clinic Server in the US only uses TiDB Cloud account to log in. Users are not required to actually use TiDB Cloud service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > A TiDB Cloud account is only used for logging in to Clinic Server in SSO mode and is not mandatory for accessing the TiDB Cloud service.
```

1. On your control machine with TiUP installed, run the following command to install Diag:

    ```bash
    tiup install diag
    ```

2. Log in to Clinic Server.

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Clinic Server in the US">

>     Go to the [Clinic Server in the US](https://clinic.pingcap.com) and select **Sign in with TiDB Account** to enter the TiDB Cloud login page. If you do not have an TiDB Cloud account, create one on that page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Go to the [Clinic Server in the US](https://clinic.pingcap.com) and select **Sign in with TiDB Account** to enter the TiDB Cloud login page. If you do not have a TiDB Cloud account, create one on that page.
```

    > - For data security, TiDB only displays the token information when it is created. If you lost the information, you can delete the old token and create a new one.
    > - A token is only used for uploading data.

5. Set the token and `region` in Diag.

>     - To set the `clinic.token`, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Run the following command to set the `clinic.token`:
```

        ```bash
        tiup diag config clinic.token ${token-value}
        ```

>     - To set the `clinic.region`, use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Run the following command to set the `clinic.region`:
```

>     `region` determines the encryption certification used and the target service when uploading the data. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `region` determines the encryption certificate used for packing data and the target service when uploading the data. For example:
```

    > **Note:**
    >
    > - Setting `region` is supported in Diag v0.9.0 and later versions.
    > - For versions earlier than Diag v0.9.0, the data is uploaded to Clinic Server in the Chinese mainland by default.

>     > - To set `region` in Diag earlier than v0.9.0, using `tiup update diag` command to upgrade Diag to the latest version and then set `region` in Diag.

Reviewer: ditto

    You can use the data to troubleshoot cluster problems by yourself, or you can provide the data access link to PingCAP technical support staff to facilitate the remote troubleshooting.

4. View the results of Health Report

>     After the data is uploaded, Clinic Server processes the data automatically in the background. The Health Report will be generated in approximately 5 to 15 minutes. You can view the report by opening the diagnostic data link and click the "Health Report".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After data is uploaded, Clinic Server processes the data automatically in the background. The Health Report is generated in approximately 5 to 15 minutes. You can view the report by opening the diagnostic data link and click the "Health Report".
```
